Concurrency :: refers to an application doing more than one thing at a time. Multi-Programming can be achieved in two way
    1. Multi-User: more than one user use the same machine and they run their programs on separate terminal. Linux and Unix use this system.
    2. Multi-Task: Here, one user runs multiple program simultaneously. Windows and MacOs use this system.
        a. Multi-Threading: This is another type of multi-tasking, Here one program runs multiple threads to achieve
           different goal.

=> every thread created by a process shares that process's memory and files
=> each thread has a thread stack inside the process heap, that only that particular thread can access;

Why we need threads:
-> we sometimes might want to perform a task that's takes long time (query database/read big file/downloading etc). the code
   will pause executing if we use a single thread during these task running.
-> another reason maybe that an API requires us to provide one,


we can create thread two ways:
-> extending the Thread class
-> implementing the runnable interface.
it is recommended/good practice to implement the runnable interface whenever its possible, since each class can extend only one parent.

-> run() method is the starting point of a thread. Just like main is the starting point of the main method. So whatever code we need to
   execute in a thread, must be inside the run() method.

important :: in both cases , we implement the run() method, we dont call it directly. to start a thread we call the start()
             method and this will call the run() in turn and create a new thread for us. if we mistakenly call the run method
             it will not create any thread,  just will run the code in main thread.


Thread Priority: The Scheduler component of Advanced.JVM handles order of the threads waiting to be executed. So the threads are
waiting in a queue to be executed in FIFO order. In case we want to change the order, we can set priorities. The higher
priority threads will execute first or can get assigned more CPU time. The range of priority in java is from 1-10.
